# HCIS: A Human-in-the-Loop System for Enhancing Simulation-Based Task Matching in Spaital Crowdsourcing
Spatial crowdsourcing platforms such as DiDi, Amazon, and Uber have become the mainstream choices for shopping and transportation. Task assignment, as a fundamental problem of these platforms, is crucial for their sustainability. Existing works have proposed a variety of effective learning-based methods for task assignment, one of the representative methods is adaptive matching. The adaptive matching methods utilize Reinforcement Learning (RL) to adaptively partition the task stream into multiple time windows, and then match the tasks and workers within each time window. However, the adaptive matching methods learn in numerical environments, and are hard to transfer to real-world task assignment scenarios due to differences in domain knowledge and low learning efficiency. In this paper, we investigate the problem of adaptive task assignment and establish a novel Simulation-based Human-in-the-Loop Adaptive Matching (SHLAM) framework, consisting of simulation environment, RL decision module, and human guidance module. In simulation environment, we propose a task-guided lane-changing model to simulate workers' lane-changing behavior more realistically. In RL decision module, we design a new state representation for agent to model the simulation environment, which can enhance the agent's understanding of simulation environment. In human guidance module, we present a human-in-the-loop optimization mechanism to improve the learning efficiency of agent by adjusting time window limitation boundary. Furthermore, we design and develop a Human-Computer Interaction System (HCIS), a visual human-in-the-loop system that assists humans in effectively exploring, interpreting, and reasoning about the simulation environment to accurately guide the agent. Extensive ablation experiments and user studies on a real-world dataset confirm the usefulness and effectiveness of our SHLAM framework.
